---
collection:
  - now
slug: now/now-2024-11-27
---
# Now @ 2024-11-27

November has had pretty long meetups over meals!

Got pretty sick in the third week. Rainy season started, and everyone was just out of service lol.

I’ve reformatted my laptop, in hopes to clean up processes hogging memory. I may need to do another deeper round though, cause Time Machine restores a bunch of background processes too. Reminder to backup Arc and Raycast configs.

I just started trying Obsidian’s [Excalidraw plugin by Zsolt Viczian](https://github.com/zsviczian/obsidian-excalidraw-plugin), and, wait a second—I think it’s amazing. It perfectly covers the blind spots of Obsidian’s plaintext longform single-column markdown philosophy. Some concepts like cycles and nested segments are just better expressed as diagrams.

I was reluctant at first because I thought Excalidraw files are stored separately as `.excalidraw`, and it’s always a struggle managing assets/attachements with Obsidian. But the plugin allows inlining the excalidraw JSON data within the .md file itself, keeping diagrams self-contained and coupled. And we can toggle between the long-form-markdown-side and the visual-diagram-side. THATS INSANE I actually can have diagrams in my notes now.

Upcoming December I want to be disciplined to sit down and put out one story/art/music piece. I also need to make a minor fix on [obsidian-fountain-live](https://github.com/chuangcaleb/obsidian-fountain-editor).

I am also trying a new format with Now notes where I use `YYYY-MM-DD` format instead of `YYYY-MM`. I think this looks better, because on 30th November you would still be looking at `2024-10` lol.
